hey what's up everybody Mike here with
another everybody review and today we're
looking at the V 19 torrent Starfighter
and give a 360 really quick this isn't
actually its flight mode this is its
landing mode
of course anybody who watches the Clone
Wars cartoon would know that so there
you go let's take a look at the pilot
inside this is matchstick this pilot
does not come with the vehicle you have
to buy it separately it's pretty much
how it is nowadays with all vehicles you
have to buy the figure separately so
nice matchstick I got this guy pretty
much because of the helmet I like the
design as a helmet it's pretty
cool-looking actually got two of these
guys so standard articulation for a
Clone Wars figure ball hinged shoulders
elbows wrists knees and ankles with
swivel hips ball jointed torso and neck
so it's pretty articulated for just
being a pilot put back in there alright
for flight mode slash attack mode
whatever you want to call it put the
landing gear up and the wings down to
there and this one back here kind of
tight force it just like that there you
go it's a tech mood now pretty awesome
also has firing missiles so I'll shoot I
don't want try not to lose these but
still pretty awesome
so yeah this is still in stores you can
still find these in stores now I'm
pretty sure it will rerelease it like
with every vehicle and every figure so
well there you go yeah be 1912
Starfighter see if I can do this missile
back again there we go all right no you
guys take care of yourselves